= Versionable

Super fast and easy versioning for models and associations. Do cache lookups 
using this fast version number instead of managing complex cache expiry.

Versionable is intended for versioning of a model or an assocation and doesn't 
currently provide any means of caching version numbers for normal model 
instances.

== Examples

  # A simple User model with a User.cached_all method that returns all users 
  # in the application. This method is cached and will automatically "expire" 
  # whenever a record is saved or you call User.new_version.

  class User < ActiveRecord::Base
    extend Versionable
    
    after_save { new_version }
    
    def self.cached_all
      # reference version in cache keys
      Rails.cache.fetch("User.cached_all:#{version}") { all }
    end
  end
  
  >> User.cached_all    # initial cache miss and cache fill
  >> User.cached_all    # cache hit

  >> User.new_version   # => 1224985243
  >> User.cached_all    # new cache miss and cache fill
  
  >> User.first.save    # causing new_version to be called from after_save
  >> User.cached_all    # new cache miss and cache fill


You can also use it on associations...


== Install

As a Rails plugin.

  ./script/plugin install git://github.com/jqr/versionable.git

Prefer gems?

  gem sources -a http://gems.github.com
  gem install jqr-versionable



Homepage:: http://github.com/jqr/versionable/tree/master  
Copyright (c) 2008 Elijah Miller <mailto:elijah.miller@gmail.com>, released under the MIT license.
